1. Refer the dataset "Advertising.csv" and perform following tasks.
i) Read the dataset "Advertising.csv" in data frame.

ii) Print first five records of dataset.

iii) print last five records from dataset.

iv) display the columns inside the dataset.

v) display last three records from dataset.

vi) display the information about the dataset and analyse the data.

vii) display types of each columns.
 
viii) check for null values in the dataset and display the sum of null values inside the column.

ix) drop a column 'radio' from a dataset and display first ten records.

x) increase the sales by 10% and add a new column "updated_sales" in dataframe.

xi) display shape of data.

xii) Find out maximum,minimum,mean,median,standard deviation value of each column.
 
xiii) describe the dataset.

2. Refer the dataset "Salaries.csv" and perform following tasks.
i) Read the dataset in dataframe.

ii) display first five records.

iii) display first ten records.

iv) display last five records.

v) display last ten records.

vi) display the columns inside the dataset.

vii) display shape of data.

viii) describe the dataset.

ix) display the information about the dataset and analyse the data.

x) display types of each columns.

xi) Find out maximum,minimum,mean,median,standard deviation value of each column.

xii) check for null values in the dataset and display the sum of null values inside the column.

xiii) drop all null values.

xiv) a) display records whose salary is greater than 50000.
     b) display records whose salary is less than 20000.
     c) display records whose salary is between 20000 to 50000.
     d) display records whose salary is greater than 100000.
     e) display records whose salary is less than 100000.

xv)  a) display records whose discipline is A.
     b) display records whose discipline is B.
     c) display records whose service is greater than 10.
     d) display records whose service is less than 5.

xvi) a) display records of phd and salary.
     b) display records of rank, sex and salary.
     c) display records without salary.
     d) display first 50 records with rank,service and salary.
     e) display records whose rank is Prof.
     f) display records whose rank is AssocProf.

3. Consider mtcars.csv file  and plot the following graphs.
i) Line plot
ii) Bar Graph
iii) Pie Chart
iv) Boxplot
v) Pairplot
vi) Scatter Plot
vii) Histogram
viii) Violinplot
ix) Plot Subplots

4. Consider tips.csv data which is inbuild dataset and plot the following graphs.
i) Load Dataset by using following : df=sns.load_dataset('tips')
ii) Plot stripplot between sex and tip with time as color.
iii) Plot swarmplot between day and tip with smoker as color.
iv) Plot swarmplot between total_bill and day with smoker as sex.
v) Plot Boxplot of sex and total_bill.
vi) Plot Violinplot between day and tip.
vii) Plot subplots which include violin and boxplot between sex and tip.
viii) Plot subplots which include stripplot and swarmplot between sex and total_bill.
ix) Plot subplots which include stripplot violinplot and boxplot between sex and total_bill.
x) Plot boxplot over violinplot between day and tip.
xi) Plot jointplot between total_bill and tip.
xii) Plot jointplot between total_bill and tip with kind=kde/hex/reg/resid.
xiii) Plot paiplot of tips data.